Update readme (#16)
membraneframework/membrane_ffmpeg_swscale_plugin: README.md

end
```

### `Membrane.FFmpeg.SWScale.PixelFormatConverter`

> Converting pixel format of an encoded (using H.264 standard) video requires a parser and a decoder
> because the Converter performs convertion only on the raw video. The pipeline changes the pixel
> format of the video to the `I422` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converting the pixel format of an encoded (using H.264 standard) video requires a parser and a decoder
because the Converter performs conversion only on the raw, decoded video. The pipeline changes the pixel
format of the video to the `I422` format and reencodes it.
```
